We have a little application
called fromEvent.
At this point, you do want to clone
down the repro and do npm start.
Because if you just go to the published
version and you change code,
nothing will happen because
that's not your code.
So you can spin up the local server, it is
at local host one, two, three, and four.
And, in this case, what we wanna do is,
this is real simple.
There's a helper method
called addMessageToDOM,
we just wanna get a little bit of
experience using a fromEvent helper
in the same way we did with of and from.
And then we're kind of getting all
these small pieces, collecting them,
understanding them, and
we will build to somewhat bigger and
better things as time goes on.